release 0.53.1 (#3673)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.53.1
------

Internal Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**🐞 Bug Fixes**

- **Search Services**: Fix for allowing to configure JWT issuer url

>   whitelist in values file and making this setting mandatory to the

Reviewer: Please use "allow list".

```suggestion
  allow list in values file and making this setting mandatory to the
```
